SWARM TRAINING CASA PIZZA

Open Swarm_Casa_Pizza_Training_EN.docx.
36 illustrated chapters for beginners.

TRY THE REFERENCE
In a terminal, from the extracted folder:
  cd projet-pizza
  python3 app.py
Client: http://127.0.0.1:18841/
Restaurant: http://127.0.0.1:18841/restaurant
Local demo password: atelier
Keep the terminal open. Stop: Ctrl+C.

CHECK THE CODE
From projet-pizza:
  python3 -W error::ResourceWarning -m unittest -v
Expected result for the reference: 11 passing tests.
The suite includes a real HTTP server and a restart using the same database.

LEARN SWARM
Chapters 3 and 4: purpose and responsibilities.
Chapters 5 to 16: workstation, fresh project, brief and execution.
Chapters 11 to 13: graph, task details and dependency editing.
Chapters 17 to 24: evidence, automated checks and human decisions.
Chapters 25 and 26: visual brief and design review.
Chapters 27 to 34: ordering, restaurant, mobile and network diagnosis.
Chapters 35 and 36: exercises, stopping and limitations.

atelier_swarm.py creates a fresh project using an installed Swarm executable
and Codex already installed and authenticated. It launches no agent and copies
no credentials. After initialization, creer_plan_pedagogique.py creates an
optional six-task demonstration plan in another mission (chapter 11). Launch
no agents for that demonstration. Run it once per workshop.

Python 3.10 or later runs the reference without packages or external services.
Generation with Codex depends on the provider configured on your computer.
The reference was refined after the original workshop: FORMATEUR.md describes
historical verification; REFONTE.md records the current visual refinement.
Historical acceptance is not a gate for the refinement.

The guide and these instructions are English. The application, helper messages
and source reports remain French. New cockpit captures follow the guide
language; historical labels and mission/task names remain in their original
language. The English guide explains the French UI labels. Keep command option
names and file paths as written.

Use fictional contact details only. No real payment or delivery.
The restaurant advances statuses manually. Confirmation clears the basket while
tracking remains in the tab. Listening on 127.0.0.1 confines the demo to the
computer running the server. This is not a production deployment.
The kit excludes credentials, private sessions, SQLite databases and Git history.
